oh all good things must come to an end
I've read that on a fortune cookie once
and it's true when it comes to the
facials I gave when we were in Orlando
this is the last facial that I gave with
our hidden cameras and this is Lisa
with an eye
just gonna wash my hands
okay so don't be alarmed but here it
comes
here comes great yeah there's the last
time that you allowed yourself to get
rained on right let's start out with
some exercises we we muscles
oh why did is if someone had string and
they were pulling it like that whoo make
sure my Chi is lined up so that I can
then line your Chi up and Archie my Chi
and your Chi would be then teaching
I'm getting more and more limber all the
time I'll tell you that I think we used
to be able to lift my foot above my head
that way if we can just now get back
into
any moisture or excess oil
I didn't wash my hands I don't believe
in any kind of fabric I wash my hands
and I usually draw it with newspaper and
he was bread sometimes get out of the
shower oh I'm starving yes just one
second note she did not spell it funny
okay you know cheat that's a G right yes
what's that butter in the bus myself and
then SC right no she's it's hard for me
to read
you'd be amazed here relaxing music
great
those four women I thank you so much see
all were such good sports and it was so
much fun make me a soup